>> Jen Kramer: There is also
a height function in boxes, okay?
There's also a height function in boxes.
Somebody ran into this
yesterday with their code pen,
they had a background image on
a div that had no content to it.
And this is a very typical situation
where you might wanna use one of these.
So let's go ahead and try this out.
I'm gonna go to placekitten,
>> Jen Kramer: Dot com and
I'm gonna just go ahead and
copy one of these links
up here on the top.
And some of you have remarked on
the numbers in the placekitten links,
this is the width and
the height of the pictures, okay?
So you can change those
numbers to whatever you want.
That's the width and
the height of the picture in pixels, okay?
So we know we have a picture here that's
200 pixels wide and 300 pixels tall.
In my code pen,
if I drop that in, this code pen,
I'm gonna go ahead and
drop in a div with a class
of box three, cuz I'm creative that way.
And I'm just gonna end
the div right there, okay?
And then over here in my CSS,
let's go ahead and
put in a background image, .box3.
We'll put in a background image.
>> Jen Kramer: Which is URL,
and we'll use that place
kitten image as our background image.
And if you look,
what do we see on the web page and why?
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah?
>> Students: Is it because
it's just too big?
>> Jen Kramer: No.
First of all where is box3
displaying here on this web page?
>> Jen Kramer: Down here on the bottom.
This is what, this orange one is?
Which one?
>> Students: Box1.
>> Jen Kramer: Box1.
What's this here?
>> Students: Box2.
>> Jen Kramer: Box2, right?
Then we have this weird line here.
What's that?
>> Students: Box3.
>> Jen Kramer: That is box3.
Why does it look like a weird line?
>> Jen Kramer: What's going on?
Yeah, Cassie.
>> Cassie: Div like our first
one is working with that.
>> Jen Kramer: Right.
So this very first div is
applying to box three.
We said we had a five
pixel blue solid border.
So that's our top border and
our bottom border smashed together,
making what looks like a 10 pixel blue
line and nothing in between, right?
The problem here is that our
div has no height to it, and
we're working with a background image.
So background image just
fills the image in,
no matter how big your box happens to be,
or how small it happens to be.
It doesn't care, right?
It will repeat until that box is full and
covered with the background image, okay?
In this case,
we haven't specified the height of the box
and the width is it's at its default.
If we specify our height to this box.
>> Jen Kramer: So if we say height is
now 300 pixels which is the height
of the image,
which is why I'm using pixels.
Now our kitten will show up.
[SOUND] Isn't that lovely?
Okay, or we could cut up
the kitten's body, just like that.
[SOUND] Now we can only see her head,
so sad.
So you can change the height and
just change the various parts of
the kitten that you can see, right?
So that's our div with
our background image.
This is a good situation for using height.
I am using pixels because I'm working with
an image its height is defined in pixels.
You don't have to use pixels here,
you could use rems, okay?
So we could say instead,
we could say, make it 10 rems high.
[SOUND] There it is, it's still working.
That works too.
Yes?
>> Student1: Looks like using
percentages doesn't work.
>> Jen Kramer: Using percentages doesn't
work, which is a great observation.
So if I said make this,
instead make this 25% high.
We actually get something that's broken,
okay?
And that is because, once again,
there's no content in this div.
We can't use percents in
that particular situation.
They just don't work.
So you're gonna have to use
some other unit of measure,
whether that's pixels or
rems, or something else.
And that will that will
actually give the box height.
Yes?
>> Student1: So
it looks like both when we used width
percentage was width of the screen, so
that would change why isn't it like
percentage of height of the screen?
>> Jen Kramer: Because height is
always defined by your content.
However much content you
have is how tall it is.